Explicitly state what the conversation.wait() method returns (#578)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/plugins/conversations.md

An update can mean that a text message was sent, or a button was pressed, or something was edited, or virtually any other action was performed by the user.
Check out the full list in the Telegram docs [here](https://core.telegram.org/bots/api#update).
   
The wait method always yields a new [context](https://grammy.dev/guide/context.html) object representing the received update.

> That means you're always dealing with as many context objects as updates received during the conversation.

Reviewer: As updates received?

Author: It didn't sound wrong. I'll fix it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
That means you're always dealing with as many context objects as there are updates received during the conversation.
```

<CodeGroup>
<CodeGroupItem title="TypeScript" active>

```ts
const TEAM_REVIEW_CHAT = -10018121912;
async function askUser(conversation: MyConversation, ctx: MyContext) {

>   // Ask the user for their home address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Ask the user for their home address.
```

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't _for_ be more appropriate than _about_ here?

Reviewer: Let's go with that.

  await ctx.reply("Could you state your home address?");
  
  // Wait for the user to send their address:
  const userHomeAddressContext = await conversation.wait();
  

>   // Ask the user their nationality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Ask the user about their nationality.
```

Author: Why "about"?

Reviewer 2: You can also use “for,” but a preposition is required here.

Author: So would "Ask the user for their nationality" be good?

Reviewer 2: IMO yes.

Reviewer: https://github.com/grammyjs/website/pull/578#discussion_r1064026055

  await ctx.reply("Could you also please state your nationality?");
  
  // Wait for the user to state their nationality
  const userNationalityContext = await conversation.wait();
  await ctx.reply("That was the final step. Now that I've received all relevant information I'll forward them to our team for review. Thank you!");
  

>   // Now, we copy both messages to our review chat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Now, we copy the responses to another chat for review.
```

  await userHomeAddressContext.copyMessage(TEAM_REVIEW_CHAT);
  await userNationalityContext.copyMessage(TEAM_REVIEW_CHAT);
}
```

</CodeGroupItem>
 <CodeGroupItem title="JavaScript">

```js
const TEAM_REVIEW_CHAT = -10018121912;
async function askUser(conversation, ctx) {

>   // Ask the user for their home address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Ask about the user's home address.
```

Reviewer: https://github.com/grammyjs/website/pull/578#discussion_r1064026091

  await ctx.reply("Could you state your home address?");
  
  // Wait for the user to send their address:
  const userHomeAddressContext = await conversation.wait();
  

>   // Ask the user their nationality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Ask the user about their nationality.
```

Author: I don't see why "about"? We just need their nationality

Reviewer 2: Same as above in https://github.com/grammyjs/website/pull/578#discussion_r1064015754

Reviewer: We'll go with the "for" for now.

  await ctx.reply("Could you also please state your nationality?");
  

>   // Wait for the user to state their nationality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Wait for the user to state their nationality.
```

  const userNationalityContext = await conversation.wait();
  await ctx.reply("That was the final step. Now that I've received all relevant information I'll forward them to our team for review. Thank you!");
  

>   // Now, we copy both messages to our review chat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Now, we copy the responses to another chat for review.
```

An update can mean that a text message was sent, or a button was pressed, or something was edited, or virtually any other action was performed by the user.
Check out the full list in the Telegram docs [here](https://core.telegram.org/bots/api#update).
   

> The wait method always yields a new [context](https://grammy.dev/guide/context.html) object representing the received update.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The wait method always yields a new [context](../guide/context.md) object representing the received update.
```

That means you're always dealing with as many context objects as there are updates received during the conversation.

<CodeGroup>
<CodeGroupItem title="TypeScript" active>

```ts
const TEAM_REVIEW_CHAT = -10018121912;
async function askUser(conversation: MyConversation, ctx: MyContext) {
  // Ask the user for their home address.
  await ctx.reply("Could you state your home address?");
  
  // Wait for the user to send their address:

>   const userHomeAddressContext = await conversation.wait();

Reviewer 4: Why context and not ctx?

Author: It's just easier to read, it's an example after all

  
  // Ask the user for their nationality.
  await ctx.reply("Could you also please state your nationality?");
  

>   // Wait for the user to state their nationality:

Reviewer: Why a colon here?

Author: It uses a colon there in the previous example, so I decided to use it here as well

Reviewer: Fair.

  const userNationalityContext = await conversation.wait();
  
  await ctx.reply("That was the final step. Now that I've received all relevant information I'll forward them to our team for review. Thank you!");
  

>   // Now, we copy the responses to another chat for review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // We now copy the responses to another chat for review.
```

  await userHomeAddressContext.copyMessage(TEAM_REVIEW_CHAT);
  await userNationalityContext.copyMessage(TEAM_REVIEW_CHAT);
}
```

</CodeGroupItem>
 <CodeGroupItem title="JavaScript">

```js
const TEAM_REVIEW_CHAT = -10018121912;
async function askUser(conversation, ctx) {
  // Ask the user for their home address.
  await ctx.reply("Could you state your home address?");
  
  // Wait for the user to send their address:
  const userHomeAddressContext = await conversation.wait();
  
  // Ask the user for their nationality.
  await ctx.reply("Could you also please state your nationality?");
  
  // Wait for the user to state their nationality:
  const userNationalityContext = await conversation.wait();
  await ctx.reply("That was the final step. Now that I've received all relevant information I'll forward them to our team for review. Thank you!");
  

>   // Now, we copy the responses to another chat for review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // We now copy the responses to another chat for review.
```

An update can mean that a text message was sent, or a button was pressed, or something was edited, or virtually any other action was performed by the user.
Check out the full list in the Telegram docs [here](https://core.telegram.org/bots/api#update).

The `wait` method always yields a new [context object](../guide/context.md) representing the received update.
That means you're always dealing with as many context objects as there are updates received during the conversation.

<CodeGroup>
<CodeGroupItem title="TypeScript" active>

```ts

> const TEAM_REVIEW_CHAT = -10018121912;

Reviewer 3: Can you tell us who this ID belongs to? I understand that chat IDs are not private information and can be shared publicly, but would it be better for us to replace it with an obvious random chat ID, like -9991234567890, or even better, promote our Telegram channel, like -1001402419718, which is the ID for the grammY News?

Reviewer: Good idea!
